this technical from youtube puts
this tax before and where to buy them
I'll show you that for now
The forehead light you can on Amazon
to order
There it costs 95 now and will
delivered free with an order
from 29 euro the link to the product break
stood as always in the text box under the
video we just click on it
Amazon should be forwarded this time
can not operate that no
Comment and post in this carton
probably the headlamp delivered and the
I'll park in the
Packaging was once a
manual multilingual and
then the lamp itself is the lamp
Quickly explained we have this back
once a flexible headband with here
such a led headlights lettering
this adjustable once here and
Once there, the lamp can be adjusted
it now seems straight and then
you still have it here until 90
grad down processing is very
well , there's nothing to it
find fault
you see the leds
These are red leds
I can open the front here
Now zack and so it looks there
inside out that's how it starts again
we would have to collect the best here
again so exactly so now yes one
it has to meet exactly
but now it is solid again yes batteries
right here are the batteries in it
you have to open this once and that
so over there and then come three times aaa
batteries purely
best runs directly packed but if
he uses this here and it fits
not spinning directly is just like that
little bit until then this little track
in this mob rhine almost batteries can
also use because I still if so the
function and here is the button
a led
the ring around the led and the third stage
then all are on
and then there is this link
function and then she's back from the
team has again on is actually
super easy to set this up now
how she got supplies that pulls
then just here so it's not over
She turns her head on in the back
bit back and that 's it
could have been here
shake a bit
she does not pretend that falls too
not down, we can say girlfriend
you just always understand it like that
Crack down and so she does
all the way down
and so it looks from the back
now we go to the dark as well as in the
garden everything I pitch dark times the
first level at first level second level
third stage and yes it looks the camera
really nice illuminate
there is my mushroom umbrella tree
I built it by myself so all right
great for being so small and
even so cheap here is to
example sometimes means just this
blinking on the only looks like that
off again completely booster first stage
second floor third level flashing light
and off in normal distance
comparatively , I was just about
three meters away now are about 8 and
that looks on the third level
the luminosity this little lamp then
link mode does not have the knowledge anymore
as far too far from first level second
stage and then again the highest ever, the
third level the forehead long one can
Also always take the way on
run for example with the dog at night
then go for a walk then you have both
Hands free without you already see that does
illuminate the way really nice
So ten meters away and do at times
just what you have just seen here stood
just the tripod and then I'm up
I then kill committed to the wooden door
the three different lighting modes
turned on and then this red
flashing modes and then I'm just ever
gone forward and thus the red
clinker again back further show
I just told you then I joined
the first test about here and I'm
Therefore , you can see the route
I have put myself back from that
without that there are a few already
been meters
Now I have your headlamp but
briefly presented
I really liked it because
She handles the power very well
really nice light and is still cheap
in the price
who thinks so what can I do now
use the link to it there is one
text again under the video that was
again the test of youtube the swatch
is until next time
and if you miss me subscribe
no more great video